1.) What is Emmet
Ans.) Emmet is  the piece of pre written code (generally boiler plate) attached with an annotation
and when we use that annotation it replaces it with that code.


2.)Diff between library and Framework
ans.)library is only focussed on certain part which its responsible for and framework is more like
consisting many pkgs,libraries and all to provide much broader utilities

Ex-  React does the UI part but for routing we need to install router whereas in Angular it comes
with router,directives etc etc


3.What is CDN and how do we use it ?
ans.)CDN is COntent delivery Network which is  group of servers which work together to provide internet 
content fast

and the reason we use it are reliability,cost saving, fast speed


for example my website is hosted in Bhilai,C.G and user is browsing it near that state it will be fast
but what if someone from US is trying to access it , the speed will be slow therefore one server will be 
placed near US to provide better speed to users browisng near US


4. Why is React known as React?
ans.) it ability to Reacts to the change in data

5.What is diference between React and ReactDOM
ans.) React is for creating views and ReactDOM is for rendering UI


6.)What is difference between react.development.js and react.production.js files via CDN?
ans.) prod files are more optimized and minified than dev files 
therefore if u r using it in local use dev, but on client machine use prod since prod files are faster




7.)What is crossorigin in script tag?
ans.)The crossorigin attribute sets the mode of the request to an HTTP CORS Request.
Web pages often make requests to load resources on other servers. Here is where CORS comes in

The opposite of cross-origin requests is same-origin requests. This means that a web page can only
 interact with other documents that are also on the same server. 



 8.) async vs defer

 there r 3 type normal,async,defer in script tag
 in normal type HTML parsing will go on until it finds script tag and it will fetch script and then
 exexute, while feching and executing of script the HTML parsing will be on hold and once execution 
 is done HTML parsing will resume

 in async mode HTML parsing and fetching of script goes parallely and once fetching is done HTML parsing
 will be on hold and executing of script will go on , once done HTML parsing will resume

 in defer mode HTML parsing and script fetch will go paraelly and once HTML parsing is done then only 
 executing of script will start


PS- defer works on external script only

This attribute must not be used if the src attribute is absent (i.e. for inline scripts),
in this case it would have no effect.

To achieve a similar effect for dynamically inserted scripts use async=false instead. 
Scripts with the defer attribute will execute in the order in which they appear in the document.

Also,

Scripts without async or defer attributes, as well as inline scripts, are fetched and executed 
immediately, before the browser continues to parse the page.